[docs] Improve the Base Usage page (#33272)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/base/getting-started/usage/usage.md

```

You can play around with this code in the interactive Code Sandbox demo below.
Try importing an [`InputUnstyled`](/base/react-input/) component and adding it to the `<div>`:

{{"demo": "Usage.js", "hideToolbar": true, "bg": true}}

## Shared props

Base components are self-supporting and fully functional in isolation.

Each component has its own unique API, but all _non-utility_ components accept the following shared props:

### components

The `components` prop is an object that lets you override any interior subcomponents—known as **slots**—of the base component itself.

:::info
Each component contains a root slot, and other appropriate slots based on the nature of the component.
For example, the `BadgeUnstyled` contains two slots:

- `root`: the container element that wraps the children.

> - `badge`: the element that appears at the given position.

Reviewer: "the element that appears at the given position" sounds pretty vague. `components.Badge` represents a component that is the badge itself (i.e., a dot with a number inside).

Author: That is very strange wording, good catch.

```

You can play around with this code in the interactive Code Sandbox demo below.
Try importing an [`InputUnstyled`](/base/react-input/) component and adding it to the `<div>`:

{{"demo": "Usage.js", "hideToolbar": true, "bg": true}}

> ## Shared props

Reviewer 2: Is it better if this changes to `Slots`?

Author: I would expect "slots" to refer to the actual slots themselves—to me, this section is mainly about the props that are used to customize the slots, that are shared by all components.

Base components are self-supporting and fully functional in isolation.

Each component has its own unique API, but all _non-utility_ components accept the following shared props:

### components

The `components` prop is an object that lets you override any interior subcomponents—known as **slots**—of the base component itself.

:::info

> Each component contains a root slot, and many complex components (such as [`BadgeUnstyled`](/base/react-badge/)) are composed of additional nested slots that can be customized.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each component contains a root slot, and other appropriate slots based on the nature of the component. For example, the `BadgeUnstyled` contains two slots:
- `root`: the container element that wraps the children.
- `badge`: the element that appears at the given position.
```

I think if we want to mention other components, we should not add a link to another page. It distracts the reader.

:::info
Each component contains a root slot, and other appropriate slots based on the nature of the component. For example, the `BadgeUnstyled` contains two slots:

- `root`: the container element that wraps the children.
- `badge`: the element that appears at the given position.
  :::

You can use the `components` prop to override default slots with either custom components or HTML elements.

For example, the [`BadgeUnstyled`](/base/react-badge/) component renders a `<span>` by default.
The code snippet below shows how to override this by assigning a `<div>` to the root slot:

```jsx
<BadgeUnstyled components={{ Root: 'div' }} />
```

:::info
If you are customizing a component like [`ButtonUnstyled`](/base/react-button/) that only has a root slot, you may prefer to use the more succinct `component` prop (described below) instead of `components`.
:::

### component

The (singular) `component` prop provides a shortcut to `components.Root`.
This is useful if you are only overriding the root element of the component.

The code snippet below shows how to override the root element of the [`BadgeUnstyled`](/base/react-badge/) component using the `component` prop:

> 

Reviewer: There is a subtle difference between `component` and `components.Root`: if you override a `component`, you will be able to use props of an overridden root on the unstyled component itself. For example, if you have `<OptionUnstyled component="td">...` you will be able to use `td`'s props (such as `colspan`) on the OptionUnstyled itself. But if you use components.Root, you'll have to place these additional props on the `componentsProps.root` object.

I think this is worth mentioning somewhere.

Author: I have added a section on "Best practices" to address this. 👍

```

:::warning

> If both `componentsProps.root` and additional props have the same keys but different values, the `componentsProps.root` props will take precedence. This does not apply to classes or the `style` prop —they will be merged instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If both `componentsProps.root` and additional props have the same keys but different values, the `componentsProps.root` props will take precedence. This does not apply to classes or the `style` prop—they will be merged instead.
```

(Visit the [React documentation on hooks](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-intro.html) to get up to speed on this concept.)

You can use components or hooks—or a combination thereof—when building custom components.

In general, we recommend that you begin building with the component, and if you find that you are too limited by the customization options available, then consider refactoring your component to use the corresponding hook instead.

> 

Reviewer: Also, if you build a component library that should be further customizable, it's better to use hooks.
